README.md, before:

# github-topic-package-sync

Sync Github topics with package.json file keywords 


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync?branch=master)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync/issues)
<!-- 
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/github-topic-package-sync.png?downloads=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/github-topic-package-sync/) -->


## Installation


## Usage

## License

[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](LICENSE)

refer `LICENSE` file in this repository.

Commit message:

added definition for keywords and topics

README.md, after:

# github-topic-package-sync

Sync Github topics with package.json file keywords 


[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync/badge.svg?branch=master)](https://coveralls.io/github/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync?branch=master)
[![PRs Welcome](https://img.shields.io/badge/PRs-welcome-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](http://makeapullrequest.com)
[![GitHub issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync.svg?style=flat-square)](https://github.com/anubhavsrivastava/github-topic-package-sync/issues)
<!-- 
[![NPM](https://nodei.co/npm/github-topic-package-sync.png?downloads=true&stars=true)](https://nodei.co/npm/github-topic-package-sync/) -->

>What is `package.json keywords`?

The keywords property inside a package.json file is, a collection of keywords about a module. Keywords help people discover your package as it is listed on `npm search`.

> What is `Github topics`?

Helpful topics to classify a repository include the repository's intended purpose, subject area, community, or language. Additionally, GitHub analyzes public repository content and generates suggested topics that repository admins can accept or reject.

## Installation


## Usage

## License

[![Open Source Love](https://badges.frapsoft.com/os/mit/mit.svg?v=102)](LICENSE)

refer `LICENSE` file in this repository.
